Gary Young: Howdy.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey, Gary.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How are you doing?
Gary Young: Today?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: In fact, it's my birthday.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is it? Happy birthday, Gary. I didn't know.
Gary Young: So… Nice to have this, overlap with that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, very nice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I see you play guitar. I see the guitar in the background.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do you play on a regular basis, or have you… you haven't touched it in a while?
Gary Young: I had my guitar instructor this morning, yesterday.
Gary Young: I don't do as much practice as I ought to, but right.
Gary Young: You know, I am making some progress.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I have a… I have a few guitars myself, but I haven't touched them in a very long time. Oh, ovre pour guitar. Guitar cell.
Gary Young: Cuban, classical.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Gary Young: Nice. But, what I've been learning is Final Fantasy songs.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Gary Young: So…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Awesome.
Wade: Wait, which songs?
Gary Young: Amazing.
Wade: Buamatsu songs, or what?
Gary Young: Yeah, yeah.
Gary Young: Yeah, I mean, that was… that was the heyday of Final Fantasy music.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey, Wade, hated it.
Wade: Morning.
Gary Young: Pretty good.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: legal status.
Kostadis Roussos: Enjoy.
Gary Young: Good morning.
Kostadis Roussos: warning.
Gary Young: I think Gary wants to switch over to a bar.
David Mendenhall: I'm the borrower. But Delhina has been performing recently, so…
Kostadis Roussos: So, Toshina has not just been performing recently, she has been, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: the balancing between, Vukradin's, you know, the double Vs, maybe that's the new band.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Pretty cool.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, Gary.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, learning finger-picking technique as well, that's not the easiest one.
Gary Young: Well, you know, I have the needles for it.
Gary Young: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
David Mendenhall: It's been a minute.
Kostadis Roussos: It's been a minute.
David Mendenhall: Did you change your hair status?
Gary Young: No, I just woke up.
Wade: Me too.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like 9 o'clock at night, dude.
Wade: And… I took a nap.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, how's Belgium?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, Belgium's fun.
Kostadis Roussos: going from, I went… I was in California, I went to India, I went back to California, and I went to Belgium. But I'm actually not in Belgium right now. Right now, I'm in Luxembourg. Yesterday, I was in Belgian, Holland, and Luxembourg.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Europe is small.
Wade: The… sort of.
Wade: I saw a silly one, what was it, you could drive, like, I don't know, 28 hours or something and still be in Greece or something, because you were going around, the landmass and hitting the northern tip of Africa or whatever.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yes, I… it was,
Kostadis Roussos: it was, definitely… it's been definitely fun. I enjoy the food.
Kostadis Roussos: After a week in India, I'm enjoying eating meat.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and so, yes, I am enjoying that.
Kostadis Roussos: But I've not had good beer yet, so this is a big disappointment.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh.
Gary Young: Yeah, I've got a good beer in Belgium in Luxembourg, really.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the…
Wade: No, no, I mean… Get that man a Bud Light.
Kostadis Roussos: But I've had good wine, I've had good food, but, like, there's, you know, my Belgian hosts are like, no, no, no, you cannot have beer here, you must have beer over there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Are they being snobs about where you drink your beer? Okay. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, no.
Gary Young: It's easy to get good beer in Zurich and Munich.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, yeah, it, like, the thing with Belgians is they take getting good beer to the next level.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I was able to drink beer, but, like, you know… Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: In special moments, in special places.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, can have the right to be…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: They've got, like, 280… they've got some, like, ridiculous number of specialized beers.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: The most important thing is, I'm here, I can get logged into my Roll20.
Gary Young: Hopefully…
Wade: Baby?
Kostadis Roussos: Joker.
Gary Young: So, I heard that we, decided to be poor hosts, poor, house guests.
Wade: We?
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, to be strictly accurate, you were not poorhouse guests.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We're very rich ourselves.
Kostadis Roussos: Because you were asleep during all of this. You were asleep during all of this.
Kostadis Roussos: Valfide woke up to discover that the cult of Talos was very poor guests.
Gary Young: My goodness.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Dave, did you tell Falfina that she… that you… you spent the evening… no, did you? I can't remember.
Gary Young: I read some summaries, but.
Kostadis Roussos: But Belfina actually doesn't know. Belfina was sleeping during all this, as was Blueberry, and so they woke up in the morning, and the bard, the, sorry, the falcon hunter accused the cult of Talos of hunting for his special ring.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Gary Young: What is…
Kostadis Roussos: and did not actually steal anything. He left it all back where it is, because, you know, he's not a thief.
Gary Young: What are the cults of Talos doing here? Like, what's their… what are their goals?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so the cult of Talos was, is tied to lightning. Talos is a lightning god.
Kostadis Roussos: And the line.
Gary Young: Lighthouse that we were at.
Kostadis Roussos: That was, you know, Cult of Talos.
Gary Young: And there's…
Kostadis Roussos: And there's also the orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: At the wooden manse that are tied to Talos. And then there's the fact that there's all these orcs have been a little bit more organized.
Kostadis Roussos: Whether that's
Kostadis Roussos: And then the car… whether that's by the carvers behind that, or the shamans of the cult of Talos are behind that, is still uncertain.
Gary Young: And what is this about Imrith?
Gary Young: Really? I'm rough?
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: you know, Imrith was a famous… wasn't just some random dragon, she was known as the Doom of the Desert, and you know, when…
Kostadis Roussos: she, the Falcon Hunter's story, I mean, you know, it's a story, right? Is that, you know, the love of his life was killed, and he wanted to go get his revenge, he shows up after the Doom of the Desert's dead, and, you know, he goes through all the treasure, but there was none left because it had been picked clean, but there was a few pieces left, and one of them was this magic ring.
Kostadis Roussos: Got this ring.
Gary Young: Immort was… killed?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, that's the version of the story he knew.
Gary Young: Okay. Alright.
Gary Young: You know, he heard Imrith was defeated, you know, but, you know, when he arrived there, he found lots of cadavers of.
Kostadis Roussos: Giants, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: No dragon cadaver, but what do you know, right?
Gary Young: Well, maybe it was one of her experiments.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, who knows, who knows, who knows? But yeah, so just, so yeah, so that, that's the, that's the version of the events that you, that, that, that were presented to you.
Kostadis Roussos: The exact circumstances of Imrith's disappearance, death, whatever, are hotly contested among the sages, as we said.
Kostadis Roussos: Some people have said it was because of Orsik and his heroism, others have, of course, said, you know, it was all managed by the seer, who was, you know… others have blamed it on other factions, but, you know, who knows? Who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: The point of the matter is, the Falcon Hunter found some spare gold, used the spare gold to buy
Kostadis Roussos: this house, use that… used that house, his claims of stealing a dragon horde, and you know, strictly speaking, you know, he defeated a dragon and got a dragon horde as a way to buff up his reputation to get tourists to visit the Falcon Hunter Lodge.
Gary Young: Horizon.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I mean, you know.
Gary Young: So it's like you should keep a good eye on that coast of the Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, Dave, did you… and I also think you got some, some conflict-free gold as a result of all of this, if I recall correctly?
Kostadis Roussos: Or no, you did not.
Kostadis Roussos: I've never had to play the game of Dungeons & Dragons where conflict-free gold…
Kostadis Roussos: Didn't interrupt.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Interesting concept, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, this is… that is definitely, definitely, definitely one of the more novel and interesting ideas.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so were we… You were leaving, you were leaving… Mother's camp, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're headed towards the logger's camp.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So this is through Neverwinterwood, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep, yep.
Wade: We're still on the lodge map.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, I know, I'm just… I'm just…
Wade: Camera one contribution.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade: Alinko's taught us where we're at.
Kostadis Roussos: It's an important contribution, because Quesada sometimes gets confused.
Wade: The tools are wonky.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so the foul. Alright, so yes. Okay, so off we are.
Kostadis Roussos: To the.
Wade: Pardon.
Kostadis Roussos: Dunno? Boom!
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not trying to explain… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you should see the map of the North Sword Coast.
Kostadis Roussos: And you were at the Falcon Hunting Lodge.
Kostadis Roussos: And so now, I presume you're gonna go through the Neverwinter Wood to the Logger's Camp.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, ooki.
Kostadis Roussos: And, Ozzy looking bear…
Kostadis Roussos: You guys are third level, right?
Wade: I think so? Good question.
Wade: I'm level 3, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Wade: That's right, it was like, you'd forgotten to give us level 2 at some point.
Kostadis Roussos: So we like that.
Wade: I leveled once.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Or, like, back-to-back or something, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As you are… Marching through the forest.
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you're trying to be somewhat discreet and not, you know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, as much as a Goliath barbarian can be discreet, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He just said, not discreet at all. I think singing at the top of the…
Wade: Jeez.
Kostadis Roussos: We're singing at the top of your forest, at the top of your lungs. It's… there's no, there's no shame.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, we'll use this map.
Kostadis Roussos: No? See, hold on, I need a map.
Kostadis Roussos: See?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And so they've… What prompted you to do this, covert operation?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: At the Falcon Secret.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is it just curiosity, or…
David Mendenhall: No, it was the… the goal was to… you know, I was, I think, offended at him and his…
David Mendenhall: Building his lodge on the backs of treasurer that he…
David Mendenhall: That was, you know, stolen property, and…
David Mendenhall: That I am not a thief, not gonna steal it back, I wanna…
David Mendenhall: show him the error of his ways, and I was looking for information on the, sort of, the rightful owners of the so-called treasure, so that we could perhaps track those people down and enlist them in…
David Mendenhall: Helping him understand What he has stolen.
Gary Young: A persuasion campaign.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what do you make of what you found?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: At the lodge.
David Mendenhall: Well, we're gonna need more information. I mean, we got a description of the ring, and we know what's written on it, and so on, but we'll need to take that information back to, for example, Sir Karen, and…
David Mendenhall: Enlist him.
David Mendenhall: See if he has any thoughts on, what it all might mean.
David Mendenhall: Right now, there's… there's… there wasn't, like, a piece of paper that said, you know, owned by…
David Mendenhall: Right. You know, this person, so… Some investigation will be necessary.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So something strikes me as funny is that you said you wanted to show him the error of his ways, and yet you deceived him when it was time to confront him.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And…
David Mendenhall: Let him believe that it was, he did not steal anything.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, forced entry is still… Not very nice, isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: Goodbye.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, bet.
David Mendenhall: he's wrong.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so that makes you right, then.
Gary Young: Or sentry is just normal.
Gary Young: I see.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: dodgy morals, Mr. Barb.
David Mendenhall: I think I have… I think I have much better morals than most of the people in this, campaign that we've encountered.
Gary Young: Yeah, well, I mean, like, 4th century, I mean, Mike makes right. I mean, that's the way the cities are run, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I see. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm glad you did it and found the information that you found, it's just that,
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It seems a bit out of character for you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm looking forward to the conversation with Imrith, though, when we find her.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And you give her back the ring and say, hey, somebody took this from you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Here it is.
David Mendenhall: She is not the rightful owner of the ring, are you kidding?
David Mendenhall: She stole it too!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, I see.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, it goes that far back, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, to be fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody… okay, who's, who's in the… who's leading this… your… this merry band of pirates?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Boy, it's gotta be… it's gotta be me, the tallest one, walking out.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: We're very late, yes.
Wade: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the blueberry… the new arc, is anybody standing next to him, or are you choosing to be constrained by his passive perception?
Kostadis Roussos: Just, just asking.
Kostadis Roussos: We're fresh.
Gary Young: I'll be in the front, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I was just curious. I wasn't trying to hint that anything was about to happen.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't want anybody to be under that impression.
Gary Young: Passive perception. I wrote my perception.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. What is your passive perception, by the way?
Gary Young: 15, but I rolled my perception.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I have 10…
Kostadis Roussos: There it is.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm not bothering to roll mine, I've got minus 1 and 10 as passive.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Mine has passive perception.
Kostadis Roussos: And, Soma, and, alright.
Gary Young: So, as you are.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you can see that's in the map.
Kostadis Roussos: Tokens, alright. Balconade, rubric, and Rubari, that's what I'm missing.
Gary Young: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so as you guys are marching… You… Notice… Orc Scout.
Kostadis Roussos: Just ahead… I'm just gonna change the map to get to the right. Alright.
Gary Young: So this is, You've got them out there. Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I just was trying to get… alright, trying to get the map set up. Alright, so you notice an orc scout, up ahead.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, what is he doing? I mean, is he trying to conceal himself, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he's, like, trying to con… he is trying to conceal himself, sort of, like, trying to see what's up ahead, like, you know, he's…
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your insight.
Gary Young: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oops. Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Wade: Yeah!
Gary Young: Oh, boy.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yay!
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, to the best of your knowledge, you think he's just, like, taking a look around, a look-see, he's, you know… Wait a minute.
Wade: I think I get to double that, don't I, because of the staff? I'll double-check what that was.
Gary Young: He's just orking it up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys are fucked.
Kostadis Roussos: Is he looking for you, or is he looking for food? It's kind of hard to tell.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right. Has he noticed that we're… I mean, as he noticed that we noticed it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Soma figures out that… Soma scratches her shell for a moment and realizes that all of you wet behind the wet-beh-the-shell types don't realize that this orc is on the lookout for some kind of group that's probably trying to set up an ambush a little bit further up.
Wade: Sorry, I remember I have advantage on wisdom and nature, or in boards, whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He hasn't quite noticed you yet.
Gary Young: Orcs make good slaves.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He hasn't noticed us, but we noticed him, and we think it's gonna be an ambush.
Kostadis Roussos: He's a lookout who's a very, very poor lookout.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Weird, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Definitely. So, let's see, what should we do, guys?
Wade: I mean… Creep up as an animal, maybe you wouldn't notice that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm gonna have to stay behind, then.
Wade: Hold on, do I have Wolf? I forget where it is.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We could hide in the woods.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, just to be clear, you also have a cart with you, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, that's right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: With my wine. No way they're getting that.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yes, they do have… they are threatening your wine, just so that you should know that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, I'm in… Over my dead buddy, for sure.
Wade: I mean, my suggestion is, you know, casually walk up as a bear, you know, shitting in the woods.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Wade: Let's see, I should be able to do this.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But be on the ready, since we're aware there's gonna be an ambush here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade: Where is… There we go.
Wade: I mean, yeah, I assume that, like.
Wade: So, I mean, I'm not… I'm not out of place, right? Like, I'm just… I'm part of the wild.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're just… a bear, a bear is, like, a totally, totally, totally normal thing. It's not like anybody's expecting, you know, a bear, alright?
Wade: Let's say I just, you know, cross most of the distance and, you know, obviously we spot each other, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he…
Wade: I roar at him.
Kostadis Roussos: you roar at him. I do. Okay, now I have to think what he does.
Wade: Oh, there you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: In your bear shape, can't you smell how many others there are?
Wade: I don't think bear has any particular, in fact, my passive perception is only 13 in bear shape, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hmm.
Wade: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: investigation.
Wade: I mean, we can give it a shot.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know the saying, right? When there's a pine needle drops in the forest, the deer can hear it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And then the bear can smell it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what did you roll?
Wade: Not high, 12, 13 minus 1.
Kostadis Roussos: This is dope.
Wade: I don't even… can I at least get a direction?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't pick up anything.
Wade: Alright.
Wade: How's he react to the roar?
Kostadis Roussos: He, what he does is he quickly scrambles up a tree and sort of…
Kostadis Roussos: Makes hand motions to the rear.
Wade: To the rear.
Kostadis Roussos: To the north. To the north.
Wade: North, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: This way.
Wade: Alright, hello.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on. Do you move forward, or do you stay where you are?
Wade: I mean, I make a token attack at the tree, right? Like, just try to shake him loose.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm gonna slip in the woods while all of this is happening.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so why don't we roll for initiative?
Wade: that already? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, it depends, like, sequencing of things is gonna matter, so…
Wade: Yeah, I getcha, I getcha.
Kostadis Roussos: on.
Kostadis Roussos: Where's the tracker?
Wade: Oh, dammit, this thing keeps popping up. How do I turn off this turn order?
Kostadis Roussos: I'll fix it.
Wade: Oh, it's you putting it in, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's me. Let me turn that off. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We need to just.
Wade: I'm just gonna put myself, like, in the corner of the whole map, because I don't exist.
Wade: And my actual health is supposed to be… 36, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Arcadence.
Kostadis Roussos: I need one more thing to do.
Wade: There we go. 36 out of 27.
Wade: I don't know how I feel about the bonus HP changes, but whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know?
Wade: I don't know. They're… they're different. I mean, there's… there's good and bad.
Wade: I got used to dealing with druids in a different way.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Brilliant.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see what his initiative would be… Initiative is… this one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, can someone sort? Hold on, let me just sort. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Vukradin, you're up… you're staying behind, I presume?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I'm not doing anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Blueberry, are you advancing?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, I'm trying to sneak through the woods.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: again.
Kostadis Roussos: Just which direction?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: animation, somewhere over here, I suppose.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, maybe you…
Gary Young: Bulling your cart for now.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, stay with the car.
Kostadis Roussos: The bear and I can deal with this.
David Mendenhall: Oh wait, so you're pulling the cart with you, right? No, leave the cart, leave the cart.
Wade: Probably.
David Mendenhall: fine.
Wade: He's not gonna be separated from his wine.
Kostadis Roussos: Is the cart moving or not?
Gary Young: No. I know.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not… is that what I heard?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No.
Wade: It's not moving.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the cart does not move, the cart stays there. You're trying to move stealthily, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm trying to, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your… roll your, stealth.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, God.
David Mendenhall: Do you have disadvantage on stealth?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's not too bad.
David Mendenhall: Disadvantage of medium armor?
Gary Young: I believe he does.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, you have disadvantage.
Wade: -Oh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Why… why is this not rolling?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's this stupid pop-up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Come on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, yeah, the scale mail.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 11. Alright, customers.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Super stealthy.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: the… you do not… You do not see the orc, but the orc sees you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Wade: We've already… oh, am I the only one who actually saw the scout?
Kostadis Roussos: No, because there's another orc.
Wade: Oh. -oh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Not that awk.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: There's another orc.
Wade: There's another.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so this other orc sees you.
Kostadis Roussos: And… He decides to shout to his friends.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so there's more orcs, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, Soma…
Gary Young: He shouts, there's a moving rock!
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody here speak work?
Gary Young: Yes, I speak work.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, what he says, he starts screaming at the scout, saying, you are the blah blah blah of a useless turd, and I should never have taken you, and like, why did I get stuck with you of all the orcs, and all the scouts, and, like, you were distracted by a damn bear.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade: Damn Bear.
Wade: Speaking of…
Kostadis Roussos: Speaking of, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let me just, rule for,
Kostadis Roussos: These are… these are a few more work types.
Wade: How high up in the tree did this guy climb?
Kostadis Roussos: I'd say taller than… not so high that it's super high, but high enough that you can't reach them. How about I leave it at that? So, what's your type? 7 feet? So, let's say 10 feet?
Wade: It's pretty tall, yeah. I mean, I have a 30-foot climb.
Kostadis Roussos: I know. He didn't quite think through this whole thing.
Wade: No, he's… he's bear chow.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear, he did not think through the implications. See a previous comment that.
Wade: Yeah, the dumbest scout in the world.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's, like, the dumbest scout in the world, like, and, like, you know, what the hell, and I'm sort of, like, done with you and your mother, and I didn't really… this was not my choice, and if it had been up to me, blah blah blah.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I need to… sorry, I'm on my laptop, and I don't have my 26-inch screen.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Size.
Wade: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Wade: Size queen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, size queen. Yeah, I'm very much a size queen. And… and I'm struggling with, like, my monitors, right? And my, windows, because, like, how the hell… how do I help… how do people… how did people function back when they only had a few monitors? Could you tell me that?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alt-Tab.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Altab.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, forgot about that. Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Now, I think you can do Windows tab as well, if you're on Windows.
Wade: Don't do that.
Wade: The Windows tab is so obnoxious.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Depends on what information you're looking for.
Wade: I suppose I don't have that many windows open at a time.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to, just make sure I got there,
Kostadis Roussos: 3 plus 10. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you guys see the names orcreator?
Wade: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you now see it?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, hold on, my window seems to have frozen, let me refresh.
Gary Young: Crater 1 or Crater 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, good, so you can see it. And the other one is Ork Brigand.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, cool. Alright, cool, we can do… the last guy is Orc Scout, but I will…
Wade: He won't be here for long.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he starts screaming about his mother, and, you know, blah blah blah, and the orc scout shouts, what do you mean? And, you know, right.
Wade: Yeah. I climb the tree.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright, hold on. Valfine… okay, so, so…
Kostadis Roussos: We're… so I'm at Europe, yes.
Wade: Yeah, I climb the tree.
Kostadis Roussos: climb the tree. Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, climb at 30 feet. This is… this is cake for a bear. Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade: Yeah, let's see if we can't knock them down.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna shove… so, are you going to.
Wade: Alright, I'm just gonna bonk him.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just one time.
Wade: What the heck just happened to my Roll20? Give me a…
Wade: Click and drag… what the heck?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I had to refresh the page.
Wade: What on earth is this?
Gary Young: Make sure to steal the honey when you're up there.
Wade: I think I missed, I don't understand what the heck's going on.
Wade: Sorry, it's like the… the whole… like, it made me roll die on the roll 20 instead of the D&D Beyond.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Wade: Alright. Alright, well, that's the first attack. Second attack will go… I did Claws first, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade: There we go, that's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's a… you… like, you take a bite out of him, I presume.
Wade: Looks like only 8 damage… Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: I updated the hit points.
Wade: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade: I guess I'm up in the troop.
Kostadis Roussos: You're up in the tree. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who is next?
Wade: Galfinay.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, no, Scout, the Scout.
Wade: Oh, Scout, right, right, right, sorry, I had planned on doing more damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So where do you see the odor of the, the encounter, all the round…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna drive.
Wade: Let me drop that in Discord.
Gary Young: The initiative spreadsheet.
Kostadis Roussos: S.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Wade: Oh, you have it. If you already have this. Yes, I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: We use that, we use that spreadsheet. Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It allows us to keep track of conditions and stats more than.
Wade: Yeah, everything's in there, like our quest items, our quests themselves, things like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, cool. What does the scout do? Let me see, what can he do?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the first thing he does is he disengages.
Wade: Coward.
Kostadis Roussos: 2… 3… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… After he disengages… He aims his arrow at you.
Wade: At you being…
Kostadis Roussos: than the bear.
Wade: Ow.
Kostadis Roussos: The bear just attacked him, right?
David Mendenhall: He has two actions?
Wade: Yeah, he has a disengage and a move and a shoot.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a bonus action.
Gary Young: Yeah, it just engages a bonus action. He's a rogue, I guess.
Wade: Isn't that pretty standard?
Kostadis Roussos: And uses his laundry.
David Mendenhall: not, Wade.
Wade: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: It is not. He uses his longbow to, to attack the bear.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll the 17, and I do 9 points of damage.
Wade: Aww, that takes me down to my normal hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Who's up next?
Gary Young: I think it's me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, if you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Gary Young: Who can I see?
Kostadis Roussos: You'll have to move to see somebody, I think, from where you are.
Gary Young: And I know that the scout is there, but I don't know about anyone else.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let me see this. It depends, like, you have partial… you can see… you can see the orc brigand…
Kostadis Roussos: You can see the Orc Brigand, the Orc Scout, you can't see the Orc Raider.
Gary Young: But I heard the work greater because I.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you've heard of them all, right?
Gary Young: You said weekends.
Kostadis Roussos: You said who can you see? You know what's going on, you know there's, like, 3 or 4 people, they've hardly been discreet.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: I will use my… Walloping crossbow bolts.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: They do get a… they are in partial cover, so just be aware. So, that is a miss.
Gary Young: Okay, then.
Gary Young: Next would be… Brigand 2.
Gary Young: We're gonna blunt.
Kostadis Roussos: Brigand.
Kostadis Roussos: 1. Alright.
Gary Young: I don't know why there's a Briggan 1 and no Raider 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that should have been a Raider one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Very easy.
Gary Young: later one.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I got, I got confused in my typing.
Gary Young: Okay, so brigant.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the Brigand.
Gary Young: Alright, the Brigand… .
Kostadis Roussos: you know… What is the U.
Gary Young: He, he moves into attack.
Kostadis Roussos: the bear.
David Mendenhall: It seems like the, is the sheet not sorted?
David Mendenhall: We've got a 21…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, it's not sore.
Wade: Oh, you didn't sort after adding the raiders and shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's just that they… that I… I was just going down.
David Mendenhall: So we're sorting at the top of the initiative? Okay.
Wade: Yeah, we're sorting at the top of the initiative. He came in late.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The breeder here looks at the… okay, so the brider.
Wade: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: What he does is he will…
Gary Young: attack…
Kostadis Roussos: the bear…
Gary Young: No!
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, the bear's 10 feet up, right?
Wade: It's as high up as you said the guy had climbed, so yeah, I think that was, like, 10 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he… Throws a javelin at him.
Wade: her.
Kostadis Roussos: Her, sorry.
Wade: a bear.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yeah, yep, sorry, sorry, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: to do… There we go.
Wade: Jeez.
Kostadis Roussos: The 6 points of damage.
Wade: Rolling well tonight.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Surprisingly. Okay.
Gary Young: Peace.
Kostadis Roussos: Who is, next? Okay.
Gary Young: Reader 2 and Reader 1.
Kostadis Roussos: or two.
Kostadis Roussos: Sort of.
Kostadis Roussos: What does he do?
Gary Young: 2…
Kostadis Roussos: 3, 4, 5… 6.
Kostadis Roussos: C's Brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: And… Throws… is Javelin at Blueberry, and Mrs. Entirely. Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Aha, I catch the javelin as it passes me, and I break it in two.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And growl at him. Grow!
Wade: Orc, Orc Raider 2 turns to the orc stop. Oh, you speak bear?
Kostadis Roussos: Orc Raider 2 screams at Orc Scout 2, or the Orc Scout.
Kostadis Roussos: actually Scream Store Creator 1 saying, I told you to not take your brother's uncle… your brother's nephew as a, as a, as a…
Kostadis Roussos: As a scout, he was the dumbest scout then, and he's the dumbest scout now. Or Crater 1 turns over, greater two, says, not the time to have this conversation.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Soon you'd be a dead scout.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I think that's it for… oh, there's one more. Orc Raider. Orc Raider 1 charges at Drewberry.
Kostadis Roussos: an attack.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Turn it on.
Kostadis Roussos: Scimitar, and hits for 6 months of damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, he disengages… To go over here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do you use…
Kostadis Roussos: He's about to learn the mistake of that action. Alright!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do you update the spreadsheet, or do I update the spreadsheet?
Gary Young: I… I sorted it for the top of the initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: And you upgrade your own hit points, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so that's…
Wade: We're not…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Super.
Wade: consistent.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. We call out who's gonna do it, it's not, you know…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Vukrid in Europe.
Wade: It's a group effort.
David Mendenhall: Okay. The Indians.
Gary Young: team sport.
David Mendenhall: Strongest. Looks like Raider… either one of the Raiders, they're both at 37.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
David Mendenhall: Maybe Raider 2, then… Oof.
David Mendenhall: Range, 120 feet. Alright, let's try… ugh.
David Mendenhall: I'm always worried about Wisdom saves, but let's try Wisdom Save.
Kostadis Roussos: You shouldn't be that worried about Wisdom Saves.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, what they are, after all, orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who are you trying it? How many?
David Mendenhall: Raider 2.
Kostadis Roussos: He blows it.
David Mendenhall: He blows it, so he is charmed.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: And what is the effect of the charm? The charm is… It must use its action…
David Mendenhall: To make a melee attack against a creature.
David Mendenhall: that I mentally choose, so I will tell you at the beginning of its turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Who it will be attacking.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sounds good.
David Mendenhall: And that is Raider 2… yeah, which… oh, and he's up!
David Mendenhall: I think he's charmed.
David Mendenhall: And, let's see… Who should he attack?
Gary Young: Well, he's upset with the scout.
Gary Young: How many hit points does the Scout have? There's nothing on the tracker.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, there isn't.
Wade: Oh, she'd be…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, I think it's 30.
Wade: Yeah, it should be 22.
David Mendenhall: 22.
Wade: I think I accidentally fat-fingered on it.
David Mendenhall: Yeah… Yeah, why don't you go fight the scout?
Kostadis Roussos: So, who did you… Ore Creator 1 or Ore Creator 2?
David Mendenhall: Raider… so the Raider 2 will be attacking Scout as his action.
Kostadis Roussos: Could… did you mark it down, so I can…
David Mendenhall: I marked that he's charmed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
David Mendenhall: No, he will… each round, I choose a new target.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay, so fine. So he, he, he charges that orc scout, too, and says, your mother smells of elderberries, and your father…
Gary Young: He's almost happy. He's a hamster.
David Mendenhall: Friends.
Gary Young: Your mother was a hamster, and your father's…
Wade: smell of elderberries. Alright, fine. Now go away, lest I taunt you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm sure there's a… there's an old insult random generator somewhere on the internet.
Kostadis Roussos: That looks like…
Wade: Deaf.
Kostadis Roussos: But 12 points of damage on the Orc Scout.
David Mendenhall: He did how much?
Kostadis Roussos: 12.
David Mendenhall: 12, so…
Wade: What's with this?
David Mendenhall: down to 10.
Wade: What's with the two attacks? I see 12 in the.
David Mendenhall: Alright, brewery is up.
Wade: No, no, it was the attack die roll. I'm just using the default damage, which is D6 plus the 6 points, so I can avoid spending endless time rolling. Oh, okay, I just saw multi-attack go up, so…
David Mendenhall: Alright, so Scout is down to 10 hit points, and Brewberry is up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, I'm gonna… gonna chat with my halberd at…
Kostadis Roussos: One, of course, is furious at, you know, the guy for hitting his brother's nephew, and starts screaming at him, are you fucking insane? Like, you know, who do you think you are? And apparently this is… this has the potential to.
David Mendenhall: I'm creating… I'm creating a schism in the… in the rating party that everything is going exactly to plan.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: get to reach.
Gary Young: Stefan.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whoa.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Enlarge, go insane.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so… Oh my god, what the hell is this?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How do I roll, my attack?
Gary Young: That's not what you want to roll.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, it's on the weapon, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And then… I don't see the roll button.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I don't know how to use this extension, I'm sorry.
Wade: You'll get, you'll get used to it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, got it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 19.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That should be slashing damage, that should be enough, right? 7…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, 19 is a hit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Gary Young: And he should be large if he's raging.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, do I want to go into a rage right now?
Wade: Always.
Kostadis Roussos: Always. Barbarians get huge advantages for raging.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You take class damage when you're raging?
Wade: You do more damage when you're raging.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, but I mean, do we need the extra damage? Again, this…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Poor Party of Orcs. I get 3 rages before full rest, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm in.
Kostadis Roussos: It's your call. It's just your call. It's your call. You can always rage next round, so it's not the end of the world.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, yes, no, I won't rage for now. We'll see how it goes in the next round.
Kostadis Roussos: He's a conservative barbarian.
Gary Young: Yeah, beta.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's right.
Wade: Because sometimes you look like you're being interrogated.
David Mendenhall: He likes to lecture me on my morality.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, dude, I mean…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Because right now, I'm not really enraged, I just have a little scratch, and, you know, I'm actually quite happy that we have this opportunity for barbecue, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright. Fair enough, fair enough. All right, Soma, you're up.
Wade: Oh, really?
Wade: Wasn't there a… oh yeah, alright.
Wade: Let's see, so I guess Briggan is right here in front of me, he is…
Wade: He's on the ground, isn't he?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Wade: I don't suppose I get any fun advantages for jumping down on his head.
Kostadis Roussos: Sure, roll an acrobatics check.
Wade: Oh yeah, I'm fucked.
Gary Young: Absolutely.
Wade: 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, now, okay, you've managed to jump down on him and roll, right.
Wade: I'd like to shove them a little north if I could.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to shove him or knock him prone?
Wade: I'd rather shove him a little north.
Wade: Like, one… one 5-foot square north.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't you get advantages on attack? That's why I'm asking.
Wade: Yeah, but if he gets north, I can moonbeam the three of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so you're gonna try to shove him.
Wade: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade: Take my strength and beat that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he, he ends up… he ends up over there, you end up down…
Wade: Yeah, I'm on the ground, and we're gonna moonbeam this circle.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Orc Scout and the Orc Brigand?
Wade: All 3 of them, yeah.
Wade: Orc Raider Scout, or Raider 2 brought… yeah, so basically we're just gonna move… oops.
Wade: Let me grab the right.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade: Yeah, I pretty well.
Gary Young: You're gonna moon them?
Wade: Gonna moonbeam them.
Kostadis Roussos: How big is it? Is it a 5-foot rider.
Gary Young: foot radius, yeah.
Wade: 5 foot radius, 40-foot cone, or 40-foot cylinder.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, that's the wrong circle.
Wade: It's close.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Wade: Yeah.
Wade: So we can squeeze that there. Oh, it's snapping, but whatever.
Wade: How do I unsnap this?
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: You want… okay, all these guys?
Wade: Yeah, I… I can't… it's snapping to the grid, but whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay, I got it.
Wade: Yeah, it's… it's gonna be there.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade: And so, moonbeam…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
Wade: Is that it?
Wade: Poor radiant damage on all of them? Alright, well, I mean, it's sitting there, though, and so they're gonna have to deal with it.
David Mendenhall: 4 damage?
Wade: Yeah, that was on 2D10, that was a shit roll!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Ore Creator 2 takes… no doubt.
Wade: God.
Kostadis Roussos: Orc Raider… the Orc Scout and the Orc Brigand, let me see what they're… they have.
David Mendenhall: Half… it's half damage on a save.
Wade: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Damage.
Wade: God, how did I roll that bad?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Wade: I know.
David Mendenhall: 10, you should have gotten, on average, 10.
Wade: I… believe me, I'm… I'm well aware, this was a… this was a waste.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh well.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see if it works count. That's a constitution, right?
Wade: Yeah.
Wade: Right. Okay. They did not make their saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, 4, 4, and 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Someone up to… can you update that? .
David Mendenhall: Wade?
Wade: Yeah, who was the two?
Kostadis Roussos: the Raider.
Wade: The Raider… Raider 2 is… alright, so Raider 2 gets 2…
Wade: And then Scout gets 4… And… Briggan gets 4.
Wade: Can we not snap this thing to grid? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Fair.
Wade: There we go.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Remove the grid? No?
Wade: No, you just need to tell the tool not to snap.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
Wade: scout.
Gary Young: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent point.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the Scout has… oh, wait, but the Orc Raider.
David Mendenhall: Does he want to fight the Raider?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Because, like, he disengages.
Kostadis Roussos: And he uses his longbow on the radar.
Kostadis Roussos: And misses.
Wade: Dang.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, decides to… Move further away.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next after that? Valfinite, you're up.
Gary Young: Alright.
Gary Young: 1, 2, 3, 4… 5?
Gary Young: Am I not inside the radius?
Kostadis Roussos: You are not inside the radius. That's your goal.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: Alright, and then… I will…
Wade: You don't like the light?
Wade: It burns.
Kostadis Roussos: But it's not sunlight, it's moonlight.
Wade: Moonlight is sunlight.
Gary Young: It's inferior light.
Kostadis Roussos: It is not directly from the source.
Gary Young: Alright, 4 damage on Brigand.
Wade: It's not fair trade sunlight.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Gary Young: Alright.
David Mendenhall: That doesn't.
Gary Young: More damage on the brigant.
Kostadis Roussos: Good pork?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That wasn't lost on everybody. Wait, don't worry.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: Next, we have Brigand…
Kostadis Roussos: Brigand.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. The brigand's got a bear.
Kostadis Roussos: he's got…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. He's in a really bad position right now.
Gary Young: Back to the fifth slave.
Wade: What? Back to the pit, slave.
Kostadis Roussos: He's dealing with a drow, dressed as Lathander, a bear that casts Moonbeam, the orc scout who attacked, you know, like, he screams, he goes, this was the dumbest idea I had. And he disengages.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade: For our incompetent combat, we are at least, you know, scaring them off.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. He, he, he diseng- he disengages.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, he's like, I don't want to be dealing with this crap. Okay, who's up next?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no.
Wade: more of you, I believe.
Gary Young: Yeah, greater one.
Kostadis Roussos: Raider 1, okay, serious. Okay, so Raider 1…
Kostadis Roussos: you know, is confronted with the problem of Orc… of brewberry in front of him, and Orc Raider 2 attacking his brother's nephew, and he decides that Orc Raider 2 is going to… and he screams at him, you… you traitor, you whatever, and I'm going to kill this bar… this…
Kostadis Roussos: this… this creature in front of us, and then I'm gonna deal with you, TM.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bring it on, you oak shrimp.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, who are you calling shrimp?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You. You smell like one.
Gary Young: He's the Brute Squad.
Kostadis Roussos: I smell like a shrimp?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I don't know what a shrimp smells like, but I'm sure you do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he rolls, he hit… he misses with his first attack, he hits with his second attack…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: And he'd take… he'd take, 5 points of damage, 6 points of damage?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 506.
Kostadis Roussos: And then 6. 6.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 6.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he disengages.
Gary Young: And then Rickroden will be next.
Kostadis Roussos: Agree.
Kostadis Roussos: War.
Kostadis Roussos: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: 6. Alright. Okay, Vucraut in Europe.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so do a DC13 Wisdom save to see if you're still charmed.
Kostadis Roussos: He makes… he's no longer charmed.
David Mendenhall: Oh, he made a save?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled very high.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, then hang on, I have to find something else to do.
David Mendenhall: Hang on, do a DC13 intelligence save on… or greater 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, he blew it spectacularly.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so, let's see, currently to his right is Orc Raider 2.
David Mendenhall: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: Sort of, like.
David Mendenhall: I've left… will appear another image of Orc Raider 2,
David Mendenhall: So he appears to be surrounded by Orc Raider 2, and that image will attack him and do 9 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: He takes 9 damage. Okay.
David Mendenhall: Makes 9 damage.
David Mendenhall: That is, what, Raider 1?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so he takes 9 damage, and he believes that he's now surrounded by…
David Mendenhall: A clone… a twin or a clone of the guy he was pissed at.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Handy.
David Mendenhall: But, Orc Raider 2 is no longer Charmed.
Kostadis Roussos: Buried.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to figure out what I'm gonna do next.
David Mendenhall: He's, surrounded. I'll mark that as his condition.
Kostadis Roussos: Puggy.
Kostadis Roussos: Ore Creator 2 hears Ore Creator 1 attack Ore Creator 2, but can't see Ore Creator 2, so I was very confused at this point in time.
David Mendenhall: Mind games, this is the combat of mind games.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, okay, so what does work here to do? Jeez. This is where I need my… all my dice rolling. Alright, so here we go, what does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: There he goes.
Kostadis Roussos: When in doubt, attack the drow.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he, he screams, what, what drow trickery is this?
Kostadis Roussos: And rolls a 19, and does, 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And then rolls a… that's a plus 5, so there are 12 points of damage on Valfine.
Gary Young: 12 total, or…
Kostadis Roussos: So, 12 total, 12 total.
Gary Young: 12 total. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And screams at the drow that, you know, that it's the drow's fault.
Gary Young: Usually is.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent.
Gary Young: It's a fair call.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Orcs don't trust Drow. Drow, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: View works as food, as, as, as good… as… Excellent.
Gary Young: Fit for the slave pens. That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the word I was looking for. Alright. Who's next?
Gary Young: Is it me? No, Soma. No, Brewberry.
Wade: Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: Newberry, Newberry, Europe.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, I'm gonna… Go and defend our drow.
Kostadis Roussos: Does he have to… wait, wait, hold on, just to be clear, you… does he get an attack of opportunity when he moves within 5… when…
Kostadis Roussos: Gary?
Gary Young: Mrs. Holberg?
Kostadis Roussos: When does he get his, like, all of his crazy opportunity things?
Gary Young: For, so, you know, he's got regular reach?
Gary Young: Because with the… so, Stefan, you can… you can hit him from, say, here.
Gary Young: And, I believe… let's just double check, because you won't be able to cleave…
Gary Young: No, no, no, you can't cleave that far.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 10 feet, yeah.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: But anyway, you could hit both of them from here, and threaten them if they run away.
Kostadis Roussos: Trader one moves without disengaging.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, the halberd is 10 feet reach.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade: The brewery is, like, large, and all kinds of silliness.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Gary Young: So this is not large, this is just Halpert.
Kostadis Roussos: If you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's gonna come March.
Kostadis Roussos: You have a reach of 20 feet.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, I don't need that reach at the moment, do I?
Kostadis Roussos: The advantage you get with the reach, just so you know, is that he also has the ability that if somebody moves within that 20-foot
Kostadis Roussos: Radius, you get an attack of opportunity.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So maybe it's time to go into a rage.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, we will raise you.
Gary Young: But what I like is having them… Not 5 feet away.
Gary Young: And also not at the edge of the reach, and so if they come in, they get attacked property, and if they leave, they get attacked property.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right, right. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: This is a good… this is a good… this is a good range for you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you have now… you are now raging.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I'll go attack Reeder.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 2, right? That's the one that's attacking.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Coffini. Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excellent.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, with the halberd… Roll it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Jesus.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let's do…
Kostadis Roussos: That was missed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's… Damn.
Kostadis Roussos: That is in Minnesota.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I swooshed my big halberd.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And, I don't know what I was hacking at, but it wasn't an AUC.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: What is it, when you take the halibu and you swing it around on the top of your head?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, just screaming at the top of my lungs, like… Don't touch my wine!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they wanted to steal your wine. Alright, who's next?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That would…
Gary Young: be semi, I believe?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Cool.
Wade: Yeah, alright, I give up on this moonbeam. Goodbye.
Wade: Stop concentrating.
Wade: So I can move up into here…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade: Alright, and then we've got Raider 1 and… oh, it's just the two Raiders. Who's more damaged? We're gonna go after Raider…
Wade: That is, Raider1, yeah, this guy.
Wade: Alright, and I hate the way that this is making me do rolls on this thing now, but oh well.
Wade: Click here to roll… There's 10 points on Raider 1…
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Wade: Raider 1 goes down to 11.
Wade: And then we go ahead and bring on the claws… Why does it do this?
Wade: Yeah… That looks like a whiff.
Kostadis Roussos: It's see with… Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: another whiff.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's the Scout.
Wade: Would have been a lot of damage if I hadn't.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, the scout now is confused.
Kostadis Roussos: Was, Raider 2 really attacking him, or was… was it the drow?
Kostadis Roussos: does he… but does he, you know, Orc Raider 1 is screaming, attack Orc Raider 2…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's make a Whitman check.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your, what's your, spell DC, dave?
David Mendenhall: Is it 13? 13, but who… but why do you ask?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just trying to decide what the scout figures out. Okay, the scout figures out that, you know, Orc Raider 2 and 1 are hopelessly confused, sees his, and decides that he needs to come back and help his brother's uncles, friend, cousin, whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: So he moves to a position, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Uses his bow against the,
Kostadis Roussos: And uses his longbow.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, actually, hold on. He gets an advantage if he moves 15 feet from his original location, so he moves over here, and then he shoots with his longbow.
Kostadis Roussos: And complete… and whiffs. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled a 10.
Gary Young: Okay, I think it's my turn now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I believe so.
Gary Young: I will use my… Crossbow bolts and attack him.
Gary Young: back, I guess?
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: The crossbow bolts seem to not be effective today.
Kostadis Roussos: Does she blame the introduction of moonlight as the cause?
Gary Young: It's first.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. The brigand, however, has decided that he is not dealing with his family trauma and, runs away.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: Reader 1.
David Mendenhall: Better one, what is he gonna do?
David Mendenhall: He thinks he's in a battle with…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he's attacking Raider, too. He, you know, he's in Raider.
David Mendenhall: The fake, the fake rater.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so does he roll.
David Mendenhall: He wastes his turn fighting air. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Orc… the other orc creator, too, screams at him and says, are you a dummy?
Kostadis Roussos: Does he get a saving thro- chance to make a saving throw at the end of his turn?
David Mendenhall: He has to use his action to study, so he would have to wait until the next round.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright, so no, he, he does… he… he will… he does nothing this round.
David Mendenhall: You can take the study action next round, and then he would get another… Yeah, I'll have Work Rater 2 see if he can persuade him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: We're crowded.
David Mendenhall: I guess I will attack Scout, who has 6 hit points, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: I should probably get a little bit closer.
David Mendenhall: Oh, that's Wade. What did I just do? Well, I just moved a giant Wade?
David Mendenhall: I don't know what happened.
David Mendenhall: I don't know.
David Mendenhall: Understand that one.
Wade: Oh, you moved the…
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade: The little…
David Mendenhall: Something in the bot that… I hate those icons.
Kostadis Roussos: You can shrink them, you know, to very small.
Wade: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Davey, so…
David Mendenhall: I'm attacking the scout.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
David Mendenhall: And I did not do very well.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Despite having a plus 5.
David Mendenhall: That was some very bad die rolling there. Alright. Not a good roll.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Boom.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
David Mendenhall: And it is the end of my turn, which means that Raider 1 takes… hold on, Raider 1 will take damage.
David Mendenhall: He takes…
David Mendenhall: 13 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And he dies.
David Mendenhall: And he dies. Bye-bye, Raider 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Wade: swap.
David Mendenhall: And I can stop concentrating on my spell.
Kostadis Roussos: Could someone delete the…
David Mendenhall: I got it, I got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Raider 2 is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Raider 2 sees Raider 1 dead, sees the brigand 1, he sees himself surrounded by a giant orc, a giant barbarian, a, you know, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: What does he say?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Mom, I think, is the word you're looking for. Yeah.
David Mendenhall: It's like…
Kostadis Roussos: He decides to try to get an…
Kostadis Roussos: a few whacks on Valfine, and then disengage and run away. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Why? Because…
David Mendenhall: This is a very odd. This is a very odd rating party. They don't seem very committed to the…
David Mendenhall: to the fight.
Kostadis Roussos: The Carver has not gotten into their brains. I mean, maybe they're not part of the Carver's band.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, maybe not.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, the orcs came down from the mountain.
Kostadis Roussos: As a result of the,
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, this is one of the… keep picking the wrong character sheet, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Great area. Alright, so he attacks, Valfine 14, I think that's a miss, and a 15, is that a hit?
Gary Young: They're both misses.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, both of those are misses, and then he disengages. The question is, which way does he disengage? Does he disengage towards the scout?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He's within my, radius for an opportunity attack, isn't he?
Kostadis Roussos: No, but he was disengaging, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: he disengages and moves that way. Alright.
Gary Young: Burgerberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry.
Wade: for Barberry…
Kostadis Roussos: If you move within 5 feet, you get an attack of up… you can attack him.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, why not? I mean, I don't see why I wouldn't do that, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry walks into the forest with, like, 20 feet… how tall is he, Barry? Did we establish 15 feet?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I must… I must watch for those branches.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Although, in my rage state, they would just probably scratch me. Barely notice. Alright, so let me roll this attack here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 13.
Kostadis Roussos: That, again, is amiss.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, wow.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: At least I count myself a toothpick out of the branches with my number.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Brubberg now has a toothpick. Alright, who's, next?
Wade: And brings it to me.
Gary Young: Come on.
Wade: Alright, time for double miss on Raider 2, let's go!
Wade: Alright, .
Kostadis Roussos: That's critical.
Wade: Hey, that's a double miss!
Kostadis Roussos: You've got a critical.
Wade: I know, I'm kidding. Is that, 14 damage, I see?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 26, I'm… yeah, I think that means you… Bit his butt off.
Wade: I mean, all import.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: running.
Wade: Only 14, but, you know, it's something.
Wade: So that takes it down to 21…
Kostadis Roussos: Damn.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I see 20… I see 20 plus 6, oh, 14 damage, yes.
Wade: Yeah, 20 plus 6 is just the attack roll. Alright. Let's finish off the second attack, the claws…
Wade: 16 will hit, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, it hits.
Wade: It's one less than a crit. Alright,
Wade: Alright, that takes him down to 8.
David Mendenhall: Pretty good. Alright guys, I softened them up for you.
Wade: Finally, I did my job.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: I got this Scout with 6 hit points, too.
Wade: The Scout's hard. The Scout is… everybody hates the Scout.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, that's… the Scout is, like, is, like, double dashing, you know?
Wade: Yeah, we don't… I don't believe in chasing, you know, down foes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the one time you chased down a foe bat…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: what you just did with Raider 2.
Wade: Little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, he wasn't… yeah, you know, but…
Wade: Fully disengaged.
David Mendenhall: Brewberry likes to point out hypocrisy. New Brewberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Definitely.
David Mendenhall: anti-hypocrites.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, believe me, he's the biggest hypocrite.
Wade: Oh, he's the… yeah, he's bigger than the bear.
Wade: The size of it.
Kostadis Roussos: So leaves the combat. Alright.
David Mendenhall: Phase.
Kostadis Roussos: Alfina, Europe.
David Mendenhall: and T-Hip.
David Mendenhall: Anti hip.
David Mendenhall: Okay, sorry, we'll work on that one.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry, Velfina, Europe.
Gary Young: Yeah, yeah.
Gary Young: So, where did Scalp 1 go?
Kostadis Roussos: He left, he disengaged completely.
Gary Young: Yep, Scott did. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: you can try pursuing him, or you can deal with Brigator 2.
Gary Young: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6…
Gary Young: Can I see him better from here?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll… what's this? Stealth?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your stealth.
Kostadis Roussos: Your perception, rather. Your… what's your perception?
Gary Young: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: He manages to sneak away.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Or greater, too.
Gary Young: That's why he's I didn't see him, so then…
Gary Young: I guess I will shoot 4th grade or two.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Mmm, that's another mess.
Kostadis Roussos: The arrows… the arrow… the arrows do not like you today.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The Brigand. Brigand also runs off the board, so…
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, you know, the family drama has been too much.
Kostadis Roussos: Vukrid in Europe.
David Mendenhall: Are we attacking the raider, or are we letting him go, or…
David Mendenhall: What's the plan here, guys?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I mean, two already escaped, what's the point of, killing this one.
David Mendenhall: We killed one, and we're letting three run away.
David Mendenhall: Is that… is that what's… that's how we're resolving this conflict?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We do.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: your point.
Wade: tie him up and bring him back to camp with Corbin?
David Mendenhall: I don't want to be called a hypocrite, so I'm asking Brewberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, if there's an opportunity for capture, maybe that might be interesting.
David Mendenhall: I definitely cannot capture anybody.
David Mendenhall: That is not me.
Wade: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: have to do that. That is gonna have to be you.
Wade: Yeah, I'm the one who's got the gripe with chasing people down.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can grapple.
David Mendenhall: I mean, I can shoot them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: range.
David Mendenhall: I can shoot them if you want.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How many hit points does he have left?
Kostadis Roussos: H.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 8.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, maybe a little arrow up his butt, you know.
David Mendenhall: hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it misses.
Gary Young: Metals, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, it's got 16.
David Mendenhall: Wow, 16? That's a pretty good AC.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Brewberry.
David Mendenhall: Alright, no, the Raider's up, what's he doing?
Kostadis Roussos: There goes one.
David Mendenhall: If you run…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you get an attack of opportunity, Blueberry.
David Mendenhall: Did he disengage?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he did… oh, wait, he does disengage, because he's right next to Ford.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, he would disengage.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he would disengage because he's right. Well, he would have used…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's his bonus action, right? So he also then… no, he can't dash, so he disengages. Alright, Blueberry, you're up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, is there any way that I can capture him? If I run within range, can I grapple him or something?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, you can do that.
David Mendenhall: Totally.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so let's try to do this.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alphaze, let's see.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, your reach, you have enough reach to grab them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, okay, so I'll try this.
Kostadis Roussos: So the way it works is you roll… oh, grapple. Grapple rules and the updated rules changed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: grapple.
David Mendenhall: We'll just do an athletics track.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Strength, Dexterity, he chooses which saving throw.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The DC is 8 plus my proficiency bonus. Where is my proficiency bonus on this thing?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 2?
Gary Young: So that's 10 plus triumph.
David Mendenhall: You cheers.
Gary Young: Being large as well.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Strength is 17.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Now, press bonus.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Proficiency bonus plus strength, so that's the… the bonus strength, right?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, if you… I think if you use, unarmed strike.
David Mendenhall: Under Actions, it's the same thing.
Gary Young: So, McKay…
David Mendenhall: It actually even says, it actually even says it, yeah. You can just use the unarmed strike.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep, okay.
Gary Young: Fuck!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's 13, that's not enough, right?
David Mendenhall: That's a mess.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 16, that's another maclus, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I guess he gets familiar.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he does not. It's Selma's turn.
Wade: Someone just waves. It's a long Raider.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So…
Kostadis Roussos: The Raider, the Raider, okay, the Scout, is gone, Valfine, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: Dave? Gary?
Wade: Carrie fell asleep. There we go.
Gary Young: Look, come here.
Gary Young: So we're…
Gary Young: Okay, so I want to move this way and see if I can see the scalp.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're really after… you're really committed to get this out. Yeah.
Wade: Drowsing orcs, man.
Gary Young: They've got the Raider River there.
Wade: We do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so to see… okay, to see the scout, you would have to dash 60 feet into the forest. Are you doing that?
Gary Young: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll your perception.
Gary Young: Wait, so if I dash, though, then I can't shoot him?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're chasing each other, that's my point.
Kostadis Roussos: If you can't find… if you don't… alright, so you can… okay, so you… if…
Kostadis Roussos: You can roll, you can want… you can move 30 feet and roll, your investigation with a disadvantage, or you can dash and roll it, catch it with 60 feet, and roll it normally.
Gary Young: Okay, so I'll do the disadvantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he has officially gone out.
Gary Young: After a 1.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He is. The scout has escaped.
Gary Young: Okay, alright.
David Mendenhall: Well, we did kill one, guys.
David Mendenhall: Are we, are we calling it, are we calling it a day here?
Gary Young: Well, we're capturing Raider 2, right?
David Mendenhall: We're not capturing him, he's running away, and we keep unable…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I know that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade: He's, like, greased up.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. However, row greater 2 goes 1… 2… Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: If he moves, he doesn't disengage because he wants to dash, but because he doesn't disengage… No, he's got… he's within Blueberry's reach, so he would disengage. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Alright, Blueberry, you're up.
David Mendenhall: No… I'm up. Buchradin.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I thought, I thought you weren't doing anything, my bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Bukrat in Europe.
David Mendenhall: I need to do something. Why don't I try… let's see, if I try…
Kostadis Roussos: Sleep.
David Mendenhall: I have to be within 6… Sleep… how does sleep work?
David Mendenhall: Range 60 feet.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is that 45 feet at the moment.
David Mendenhall: Sure, we'll put him to sleep.
David Mendenhall: He gets a slave, though.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do you see 13.
Kostadis Roussos: He blows it. He is…
David Mendenhall: Alright, there we go. We wrapped the combat, guys.
David Mendenhall: We can tie him up now.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Gary Young: Ed.
Gary Young: He's the cork slave.
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody want to explain to him that we don't do this here in the overbright and Vukridin, or you're not interfering in, you know, ethno and different cultures?
David Mendenhall: He's the one who was charmed, right? I got him to attack the scout?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, so I'll go over and, mock him for that.
Kostadis Roussos: You mock him? Are you using yourself?
David Mendenhall: LA.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you using your silvery tongue to mock him, or is this just, you know, a general mock? No, it's just a general mock.
David Mendenhall: haunting, really.
Kostadis Roussos: He snarls at you. Corbyn shows up a little bit later with some rope and says, So, more prisoners?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Who sent you?
David Mendenhall: Do we have a roster of all the things in camp?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, there's nobody left in camp, you, you…
Gary Young: Corbin?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a camp, and we have the… Gather than Corbin, the campmaster, right?
Gary Young: So, I need to interrogate the, orc raider and, find out who sent it.
Kostadis Roussos: Who, who, who sent him? Is that, is that your question?
Kostadis Roussos: He's, he snarls at you, and growls, and roll your intimidation or persuasion.
Gary Young: You know, I'm doing this in ORC.
Kostadis Roussos: We're good.
Kostadis Roussos: He cursed.
David Mendenhall: Blueberry could try to… I mean, I can intimidate him, but I don't speak orc.
Gary Young: Well, I'm sure he speaks common, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they do speak common. They do speak common.
David Mendenhall: Well, I can intimidate him and…
Gary Young: I don't get any sort of advantage for doing it in ORC.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
David Mendenhall: 17, intimidation.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, The, the, the, the orc… are you an ASIMAR, is that, if I recall correctly?
David Mendenhall: No, Celestial.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're… assessile is… what was your case?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I'm an Asimar, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: Alright. Size move.
Kostadis Roussos: What? I mean, the orc is very confused. He's got… you've got an Asimar next to a drow, who's got clearly, like, religious artifacts related to Lathander. I mean, he's very, very confused about the situation. And he's feeling very nervous, because, you know, when you combine these kinds of really big-looking…
Kostadis Roussos: guy who's now shrank, because, you know, the rage ended. He looks at… he looks at you and says.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, he goes, he goes, nobody, nobody send us! We're an independent, we are an independent orc-rating party!
David Mendenhall: Not anymore.
Kostadis Roussos: We were an independent Fort Green!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, now your barbecue orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey!
Kostadis Roussos: This was… you know, this was not personal. Ever since we were thrown out of our mountain home up by that dragon, it's been orc, it's been an orc-eat-orc world.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Thrown out from where?
Gary Young: Plastic orcs? What?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: You're cannibals?
Gary Young: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He looks at you and goes.
David Mendenhall: No! No, it's an expression! What's the line from, from Lord of the Rings? Guest meets back on the menu, boys?
Wade: Which suggests that orcs have a, you know, restaurant, and a whole civilization around that.
Kostadis Roussos: the orcas…
Kostadis Roussos: He scratches his head and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, Positive says, well, for… did you… so you… you asked where… where… where… from where, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he says, well, There was a white dragon, that…
David Mendenhall: That was the dragon that attacked us in… Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so it says there's a dragon in the… there was a drag… that the orcs, you know, they… ever since the end of the war, the orcs had occupied the Ice Spire…
Kostadis Roussos: The Sword Mountains.
David Mendenhall: Finally, the title of the adventure comes into play.
Kostadis Roussos: were working in the Sword Mountains, and it's, you know, the dragon showed up and kicked them out. And ever since then, they came down, we came down into the valley, and it's been a free-for-all. The orc chief…
Kostadis Roussos: The orc chief, you know, has gone completely crazy. We've been… we've been caught between these Telosian cultists and… and…
David Mendenhall: Cultists?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Pollution.
Kostadis Roussos: Talos, cultivate.
David Mendenhall: Oh, the Talos cultists.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Because some of my… some of the members decided, after the shaman was killed, some of them decided to join the orc, the orcs of Talos, others have decided to join this, this, this, this, this, this, this brigand here. We decided to be in… we… we are orcs, and orcs work for orcs, they don't work for anyone else.
Gary Young: Well, you work for us now.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, we've got a cart to pull Oak.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to be clear, I just, I don't want to be, like, unthankful for my life, but,
Kostadis Roussos: Do I get paid?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You get paid with your life. That's how you get paid.
David Mendenhall: Did, so we killed one…
Wade: Boom!
David Mendenhall: Orc, right? Yes. What do we find on that orc? What kind of blood money does he have?
Kostadis Roussos: Does he have any blood money?
Kostadis Roussos: Give me one second…
Kostadis Roussos: Generators…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do we have any healing potion, by the way?
David Mendenhall: No, we have short rests.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You can take a short rest if you want.
David Mendenhall: Take a short rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: I used a prayer of healing to… Restore everyone.
Gary Young: I guess I can heal the friggin' tooth.
David Mendenhall: Really?
Gary Young: Sure.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, somebody's gotta pull the cart, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I drink the wine.
David Mendenhall: If he has one hit point, he can pull the cart just fine, right? That's how health works in the D&D universe.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's very true.
David Mendenhall: Doesn't need more than one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you find 15 gold pieces in a mixture of random coins, but we'll just call it.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so we'll add that to blood… I will add that to blood money.
Gary Young: You got it.
Gary Young: Okay, thanks, Gary.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You have enough to open an orphanage or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and the orc needs a name.
Kostadis Roussos: Because we can't keep calling him Orc No. 2.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I can't… we'll call him drugs.
Wade: Trim.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, we'll call him Shrimp.
David Mendenhall: I mean, but his name's Rob, Trump is just fine.
Wade: Yep, shrimpy.
Kostadis Roussos: Shrimpy even got a… He goes, just to be clear, my name's Bro.
Wade: B.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Rub.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: From now on, and until you pull the couch to the logger's camp, you're shrimpy. Now shut up and pull the couch.
Kostadis Roussos: Thanks.
David Mendenhall: I'm a little confused about what we're gonna do with this guy, but sure, okay, he's pulling the cart for now.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Gary Young: Well, we could turn him into the authorities at.
David Mendenhall: At the logger's camp.
David Mendenhall: No, I mean, haul them back to… You're gonna drag him all the way back to Phandalin?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's right.
David Mendenhall: Well, I'm effectively the mayor of Phandalin anyway, so… Not gonna happen here.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: honest to let him go.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he didn't say that.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: He definitely did not say… Nope.
David Mendenhall: He's a common criminal, stealing treasure.
David Mendenhall: From innocent people.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's right, so he's gonna pull the cart, and once he's done pulling the cart, we'll throw him in jail.
David Mendenhall: No, that makes sense.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the logging camp spreads along the south shore of the river, where a dozen tents are arranged on a sandy beach. Near a deck stands a cabin with logs stacked under it on awning. Older cabins close by have been torn down to leave only stone chimneys and foundations. A grim…
Kostadis Roussos: Silence hangs over the camp.
Kostadis Roussos: And you see no one around, and it is 7.30 in the morning, or it is 7 in France, so I'm assuming it's 10.30 in the US, so we will stop here and continue next week.
David Mendenhall: Wait, we don't see Tiber Wester?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you see the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: There's a grim silence which hangs over the camp, and you see no one around.
David Mendenhall: I brought all these supplies all this way, and I'm not gonna get my hundred gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you brought the supply, so strictly speaking.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but unless I have a notice of delivery signed by Tiber Wester, I don't get my 100 gold.
David Mendenhall: I mean, maybe you want to go look…
Kostadis Roussos: Like, maybe you want to go look for him, I mean…
Wade: The real goal was the friends you made along the way.
David Mendenhall: gotta do to get money.
Kostadis Roussos: I won't…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We'll investigate, find out what happened to them, find the guy, and get your notice signed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's just more work than it ought to be, but that's what we'll do.
David Mendenhall: Exactly, it's a lot more.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, anyway, so I just put you guys on the map so you can see…
Kostadis Roussos: Blah blah blah, and… So move grid and… Who am I missing?
David Mendenhall: It's like a battle map.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: Looks like a battle map.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it… it is… it is the map of the tent… it is the map of the camp.
David Mendenhall: Okay, but as far as we can tell, there's nobody here currently.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's nobody here.
David Mendenhall: And it's 7.30, so I just want to be sensitive to people's.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, just for the record, is the orc dude…
Kostadis Roussos: Tied? Is he, like, how is he kept, like, how… have you guys tied him to, like, how is he…
Wade: You're bound to the cart, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, his hands are tied to the cart's handles, so he can't run away. All he can do is…
Wade: No joke.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, he could run with a… he can run with a cart, but he'll be…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It could try that, yes. It wouldn't go very far, though.
Gary Young: We should buy some manacles, or something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Blueberry will defend the wine. Right, right, does Valfinh explain to Blueberry the correct knot tag technique to deal with orc prisoners?
Gary Young: The correct technique is typically to kill them, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, but, but, but… Well, or sacrifice them to the appropriate… in the appropriate ways.
Gary Young: Oh.
Gary Young: Should I sacrifice the vander?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you recall that that was one of the things that Lathander does not approve of?
Gary Young: He doesn't approve that insurance?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he's… well, Thander, you know, your training did indicate that that was perhaps something that had to be off the table.
Gary Young: But, but, but in your news… I have had trading, haven't I?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you have had triticus left under priest.
Gary Young: I need to look at this backstory.
Kostadis Roussos: You have had training, that was part of the backstory.
Gary Young: Oh, okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: But, you know, as you've started to establish your cult, you realize that sacrifice bad, but causing pain and healing from pain, not entirely bad.
Gary Young: Well, you know, like, there's multiple uses for radicals, so, like, it's probably useful to have a supply of them anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright guys, have a good evening.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright. Thanks, Gustetti.
Gary Young: Bye.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bye.